README.md, before:

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/L3L418JUWC)

# Unifi New Product Monitor

Welcome to my **Unifi Monitor** script, a comprehensive and efficient solution for [Monitoring https://store.ui.com for NEW products].

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- 

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- Go programming language

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/authrequest/Unifi-Monitor.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Unifi-Monitor
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   # Install any Go dependencies if applicable
   go mod tidy
   ```

## Usage

Before running the project, make sure to configure the Discord webhook URL. Open the `all_products.go` file and set the `DiscordWebhookURL` variable

Run the project:

```bash
go run all_products.go or go run *
```

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

## License

Distributed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

Thank you for considering contributing to this project!

Commit message:

Rename config file, add guide in README
The config file shouldn't be named simply "config.yml" when it lives in
the system configuration place. Or, if it is, it should live in a sub-
folder named to indicate the owning application.

I've renamed the expected file to "/etc/unifi-monitor.yml", and added
some usage guidance to the README.md.

README.md, after:

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/L3L418JUWC)

# Unifi New Product Monitor

Welcome to my **Unifi Monitor** script, a comprehensive and efficient solution for [Monitoring https://store.ui.com for NEW products].

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- 

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- Go programming language

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/authrequest/Unifi-Monitor.git
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Unifi-Monitor
   ```
3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   # Install any Go dependencies if applicable
   go mod tidy
   ```

## Usage

Before running the program, make sure to configure the Discord webhook URL. 

1. Environment variable `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL` set on the command line.
2. Config file `/etc/unifi-monitor.yml`, with the key `DISCORD_WEBHOOK_URL:`


Run the project:

```bash
go run all_products.go or go run *
```

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

## License

Distributed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). See `LICENSE` for more information.

---

Thank you for considering contributing to this project!
